[DO NOT MERGE] Security: Add Aragon Network bug bounty program (Part 1) (#530)
aragon/aragon-wiki: docs/association/security/an_bug_bounty.md

    $500-$1,000

Rewards will be awarded at the sole discretion of the Aragon Association. Quality of the report and reproduction instructions can impact the reward. Rewards will be paid out in ETH.

For this initial bug bounty program, there is a **maximum bounty pool of $250,000**.

The bug bounty program is ongoing and has been running since November 25th, 2019.

## Reporting

!!! note "Reporting a found vulnerability"
    Please responsibly disclose any findings to the development team. You may find instructions on how to do so in the [security overview page](../).

    Failure to do so will result in a finding being ineligible for any bounties.

## Scope

In scope for the bug bounty are all the smart contract components of the Aragon Network. They can be found in the following repositories:

!!! abstract "**Aragon Court** ([v1](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-court/tree/v1.0.0) and [future minor versions](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-court/releases))"
    Dispute resolution protocol.

    - Solidity code under the `contracts` directory:
        - Excluding `contracts/lib/os/` 
        - Excluding `contracts/test/`
        - Excluding `contracts/standards/`

> !!! abstract "**Aragon Network deployment** ([v1](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-network-deploy/tree/v1.0.0) and [future minor versions](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-network-deploy/releases))"

Reviewer: Not sure about adding this to the bug bounty; maybe we should just update this with the actually deployed addresses once those are ready?

Similar to the Aragon client bug bounty:

> You can find their deployed addresses on live networks in our deployment documentation.

Author: Sure we can add them once ready, however, it is not harmful to add the deployment scripts, what do you think? IMO it is a critical part of the project too

Reviewer: Sounds good 👍; it'll be useful to add the final deployment addresses to the deployment scripts as well.

# Aragon Network smart contracts bug bounty

A bug bounty for the smart contracts of the Aragon Network is now live. We intend for hackers to look for smart contract vulnerabilities in our system that can lead to loss of funds or locked components.

## Rewards

Vulnerability reports will be scored using the  [CVSS v3](https://www.first.org/cvss/) standard. The reward amounts for different types of vulnerabilities are:

!!! bug "**Critical** (CVSS 9.0 - 10.0)"
    $5,000 - $50,000

!!! danger "**Major** (CVSS 7.0 - 8.9)"
    $2,500 - $5,000

!!! fail "**Medium** (CVSS 4.0 - 6.0)"
    $1,000 - $2,500

!!! warning "**Low** (CVSS 1.0 - 3.9)"
    $500-$1,000

Rewards will be awarded at the sole discretion of the Aragon Association. Quality of the report and reproduction instructions can impact the reward. Rewards will be paid out in ETH.

For this initial bug bounty program, there is a **maximum bounty pool of $250,000**.

> The bug bounty program is ongoing and has ran since November 25th, 2019.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The bug bounty program is ongoing and has been running since November 25th, 2019.
```

## Reporting

!!! note "Reporting a found vulnerability"
    Please responsibly disclose any findings to the development team. You may find instructions on how to do so in the [security overview page](../).

    Failure to do so will result in a finding being ineligible for any bounties.

## Scope

In scope for the bug bounty are all the smart contract components of the Aragon Network. They can be found in the following repositories:

!!! abstract "**Aragon Court** ([v1](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-court/tree/v1.0.0) and [future patch versions](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-court/releases))"

>     Disputes resolution protocol.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Dispute resolution protocol.
```

    Smart contracts for the Aragon Network fundraising process

    - Only the following Solidity contracts:
        - `apps/presale/contracts/BalanceRedirectPresale.sol`
        - `templates/multisig/contracts/CourtFundraisingMembershipTemplate.sol`
        

!!! abstract "**Aragon Network deployment** ([v1](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-network-deploy/tree/v1.0.0) and [future patch versions](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-network-deploy/releases))"
    Deployment commands for the Aragon Network components
    
    - JS code under the `src` directory:
        - Excluding `src/helpers/`
        - Excluding `src/commands/`

## Out of scope

!!! question "What we consider out of scope for this bug bounty"
    - Any frontend applications or client-side code interacting with the contracts, as well as testing code.
    - Mismatch of the functionality of the contracts and outdated spec documents.

## Areas of interest

!!! tip "These are some examples of vulnerabilities that would be interesting"
    - Locking or freezing any of the Aragon Network contracts.
    - Manipulating the decision process of the dispute resolution protocol.

>     - Stealing funds or manipulating the funds generation process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Stealing tokens or manipulating the token generation process.
```
